Update Spatial Service Connectivity CT (#238)
bSI-InfraRoom/IFC-Specification: IFC4x3/Templates/Object Connectivity/Spatial Service Connectivity/Documentation.md

> A system, such as a distribution system, services a particular spatial structure, either an entire facility (and it specific subtypes e.g. buildings, bridges, roads or marine facilities, a facility part, or a building storey, or any part of these structures.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A system, such as a distribution system, services a particular spatial structure, either an entire facility (and its specific subtypes e.g. buildings, bridges, roads, or marine facilities), a facility part, or a building storey, or any part of these structures.
```

Guessing the correct location of the closing parenthesis.

> The system in question should be human identifyable by its _Name_ attribute.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The system (_IfcSystem_) in question should be human identifiable by its _Name_ attribute.
```

> The use of _IfcRelReferencedInSpatialStructure_ in this template provides the relationship across spatial and functional heirarchies allowing the spatial covererage of functional systems.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The use of _IfcRelReferencedInSpatialStructure_ in this template provides the relationship across spatial and functional hierarchies allowing the spatial coverage of functional systems.
```
